they're different methodologies to avoid Fran ization. Well, we'll say
about the aviation community is that when you're flying in an aircraft,
in my case, when you're flying with three other people, you have
to have a good report with one another. So a lot of times it might
be a touch more personal in some respects than in other communities.
Don't get me wrong. The differentiation between officer and Enlisted
exists and is should be apparent. But it's just a little bit different
because if you have a problem in an aircraft, if one person has
a problem in the aircraft you all have a problem in the aircraft.
You're all in it together, right? And that requires a certain level
of, of, of respect and understanding that, you know, despite the rank
differences, you're all people, and you're all you gotta y'all. You
all have to come together to make the mission work. But as faras delineating
that you gotta rely heavily on your again on your committee.
Your non commissioned officers, those non commissioned officers
have a significant amount of experience that they've seen and they can
help you draw the line of what isn't isn't okay you need the leverage
that experience professionally, but he also need to make it clear
that you are the officer and the superior without doing it disrespectfully.